PMP: compare_meshes (#5544)
CGAL/cgal: Installation/CHANGES.md

Release History
===============
[Release 5.4](https://github.com/CGAL/cgal/releases/tag/v5.4)
-----------

Release date: December 2021

### [Polygon Mesh Processing](https://doc.cgal.org/5.4/Manual/packages.html#PkgPolygonMeshProcessing)

> -   Added the function `CGAL::Polygon_mesh_processing::compare_meshes()` which allows, given two meshes, to geometrically detect which faces are only in the first, only in the second, or in both meshes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Added the function `CGAL::Polygon_mesh_processing::compare_meshes()` that given two polygon meshes identifies faces present in only one of the two meshes as well as faces present in both.
```

-   Changes in the set of supported platforms:
    -   The Microsoft Windows Visual C++ compiler 2008 (VC9) is no
        longer supported since CGAL-4.5.

> -   Since CGAL version 4.0, Eigen was the recommended third-party

Reviewer 2: I had never seen an editor replacing non-breaking spaces into regular spaces! That is a bug.

Anyway, that cannot be merged. Those non-breaking spaces are here for a reason: it is bad to break a line between a word and a number following it.
